# savagelycoolshellscripts
The repository name speaks for itself. Here is a vast collection of shell scripts I have amassed over the years. While I have included a GNU license, I do not care if you use my scripts without paying for them or closely consulting with me. In fact, you don't have to ask for my permission as I wouldn't do that myself for anyone else's code - unless of course I were outright stealing the creative energy or spirit of the project or products another programmer or designer has devoted his or her time and energy to. That having been said, using a shell script is not the same as forking or reverse engineering a closed-source product or cloning a video game. In the case of the latter software, creative energy was harnessed when the software was created. In the case of a shell script, the product is more on the vanilla side and the tasks while intended to cut costs and streamline production have little-to-no entertainment value and likewise the utility of a shell script is lost outside of the office walls of an IT department. Not always - but usually. In this case, however, I did not create these with the intent of maximizing profit or monetizing the value of my work. 

That having been said, if you are planning on using my code to create a much more formidable project than what you will find here - meaning, you want to take what I have, parse it into segments or abstract it into a larger whole and you cannot do as much without outright stealing what I have, please be polite enough to at least tell me what you're doing. I won't get upset if you do not ask but I will find myself feeling a tad bit annoyed. You should always ask for permission first and I do not always agree with the adage that it is better to ask for forgiveness than permission. Being hardcore in my devotion to open source software and collaborations, I'd like to know what you have done with my stuff. Maybe we can build something if we work together as a team, which is preferable to stealing someone else's work.
